Henry and Gilda are moving to their next waypoint to loiter around, because they were deployed by command and control.
Henry and Gilda have been asked by command and control to exchange sides and then loiter again.
Henry has encountered an obstacle on it's right side, but because there is medium proximity, the vessel is maintaining its heading.
Gilda has encountered an obstacle on its left side in close proximity. As a result, it needs to make a right turn to move around it.
Henry and Gilda have reached their waypoints and are loitering around.
Henry and Gilda have reached the time threshold they are allowed to loiter in the same area and exchange sides.
Henry and Gilda have spotted an obstacle and need to move around it.
Henry and Gilda have spotted new obstacle, but because they are not in close proximity, avoidance is not necessary.
Command and control requested both vessels to exchange loiter areas.
Both vessels encounter an obstacle and need to move around it.
Both vessels had to avoid collision with each other. Henry is waiting for gilda to pass and then continues its course.
Both vessels are now moving towards their loiter waypoints.